Fix viewing tasks on a particular day sequence diagram (#422)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-T12-4/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

* stores the currently 'selected' `Person` objects (e.g., results of a search query) as a separate _filtered_ list which is exposed to outsiders as an unmodifiable `ObservableList<Person>` that can be 'observed' e.g. the UI can be bound to this list so that the UI automatically updates when the data in the list change.
* stores a `UserPref` object that represents the user’s preferences. This is exposed to the outside as a `ReadOnlyUserPref` objects.
* does not depend on any of the other three components (as the `Model` represents data entities of the domain, they should make sense on their own without depending on other components)

> * each patient has a TaskList, which holds Tasks which can be NonRecurringTasks or RecurringTasks. The below Class diagram illustrates their relationship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* each `Patient` has a `TaskList`, which holds `Task` objects. A `Task` can be a `NonRecurringTask` or `RecurringTask`. The below class diagram below illustrates their relationship.
```
